PROBLEM
aipivot.com.au is a client-side-rendered SPA. The initial HTML served to 
crawlers contains only the app shell (nav, footer, boilerplate meta) — about 
150 words — and all real page content is painted by JavaScript after load. 
Proof: a Semrush crawl with JS rendering disabled flagged 45 pages as "low 
word count" (150–154 words each, nearly identical across totally different 
pages). Google renders JS slowly and unreliably; the AI crawlers (GPTBot, 
PerplexityBot, ClaudeBot) mostly don't run JS at all, so they see nothing.
Separately: every page is currently emitting the canonical tag 
<link rel="canonical" href="https://aipivot.com.au/"> — pointing at the 
homepage instead of the page's own URL. That's a second, independent bug.

GOAL
For EVERY route, the HTML delivered on first byte (before any JS runs) must 
already contain that page's full unique content, its correct <title>, 
meta description, and a self-referencing canonical pointing at that page's 
own URL. No JavaScript execution should be required to read the content.

BEFORE YOU CHANGE ANYTHING
1. Tell me the exact framework, build tool, and how the app is currently 
   served (e.g. React + Vite SPA, served as static files / via a Node server).
2. Tell me how routing and meta tags are currently handled.
3. Confirm whether page content is static marketing copy or fetched at runtime.

PREFERRED FIX (static prerendering at build time)
The marketing routes are a known, finite list. At build time, prerender each 
route to a real static HTML file containing its full content and correct 
per-page meta/canonical. This serves real HTML to ALL visitors and bots — no 
bot-sniffing, no cloaking risk, no runtime dependency. Implement with the 
right tool for the detected stack (e.g. vite-plugin-ssr / vite SSG, or 
react-snap for a Vite/CRA SPA). Keep the existing client-side routing working 
for in-app navigation after first load.

DO NOT
- Do not use user-agent sniffing to serve crawlers different HTML unless 
  static prerendering is genuinely not feasible — and flag it if so.
- Do not change the visual design or client behaviour.

ACCEPTANCE TEST
For at least 3 different routes, run: curl -s <url> | (no JS) and confirm the 
output contains that page's unique body content AND a canonical tag pointing 
to that same URL. Show me the curl output for the homepage, one city page, 
and /real-estate-pipeline-growth-map.